[MUSIC PLAYING]
[GEARS GRINDING]
KAEDRICH OLSEN: As the ancient
astronomers track the movements
of the great cosmic years
in our clockwork universe,
they learn how they could
determine the movements
of the smaller gears on earth.
Everything above and
below move together
with intricate precision.
Every individual part is
vitally important to the whole.
This is where you come in.
You are here under
the stars wondering
what your purpose is simply
because you have a purpose.
You are an important
part of all that
is, all that was, an
all that ever will be
even if you do not yet see it.
Whether it was 10,000
years ago in distant lands
or right here and now,
each and every one of us
is an important part of
the intricate machinery
of the cosmos.
To understand the cosmic
influences on our lives
and how we influence
the cosmos, we
can look to the
movements of the heavens
to help us determine
the course of life.
One such way is
to take a snapshot
of the locations of the planets
at the moment you were born.
This is called the natal
chart and it can give you
great insight into
your purpose and place
in the vast scheme of it all.
To begin, look at where your
sun was when you are born.
The sun is the identifier
of your personality
and helps to guide
the influences
from the other planets.
If your sun is in
Aries, you will
have a tendency to be bold
and forthcoming in your life.
If your sun is in Taurus,
you will look for the gains
from the competition and
put them to practical use.
Next, look at the sign
that was on the horizon
when you were born.
This is called the rising
sign and it is how you
present yourself to the world.
For some, this is
in stark contrast
to their solar personality.
Others find it
completely complementary.
Even though your
sun may be in Aries,
you may have a
rising sign in Libra
that will influence
you to balance
your ambitions with the
needs of those in your life.
Your sun may be in Taurus and if
your rising sign is in Scorpio,
then you will pursue your goals
with passion and tenacity.
As you look to the other planets
to determine what sign they are
in, weigh them with what
you know of your sun
and your rising sign.
No planet works independent
from the others.
You are complete
in and of yourself
and the heavens are
just as complete.
Thus, a Mercury in
Aquarius will strengthen
your thoughts and
communication with dealings
of a better world.
Your sun and rising sign will
indicate how those thoughts
will aid in your ambitions.
A Jupiter in Capricorn
will influence
you to rise to the pinnacle
of your chosen profession.
Preferably, you will find a
professional that works well
with your sun and rising sign.
We have only just begun to
scratch the surface of what
astrology has to teach us.
For the thousands of years
that astrology has been around,
countless astronomers
have recorded
their heavenly observations
and earthly correlations.
They have also found
really different ways
of examining the
placement of the planets
at the time of your birth.
So as you gaze
upon the night sky,
wondering what your purpose
is and what it all means,
it is good to know that you
are just as important as each
of the wanderers trekking
through the constellations
night after night.
[MUSIC PLAYING]